I've returned to that place in tutorials where I can pass code, but I don't know what I'm doing. I can reliably follow directions, but I doubt I can independently manipulate Flexbox. I suspect I don't even know enough yet to reach for it in my personal projects. I have enough goals on my current plate, but I want to set an intention to stretch and try to find Flexbox applications so I get better practice than what is essentially me copying and pasting. I wonder if there's a game or quiz of some kind that helps people like me build deeper understanding? 

In the spirit of celebrating even the smallest wins, I recognize that it is a progression of my skills to be able to successfully copy and paste the right snippets in the right places, and ferret out typos. My comprehension is still shallow, but as in learning other foreign languages, exposure is resulting in increasing familiarity, at least. As [freecodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/) lessons slowly add directions with less specificity, I am able to produce terms, and even when I can't, I am getting faster at finding the answers I need. 

So far, it appears I am successfully cloning a repo created on Github to my local machine, but I got that weird extra file-it is a file inside my repo folder, same name as the repo. I'm guessing my ignorance has me overlooking its use, but for now, I am trashing it.

My job search has me feeling the usual overload of doubt in both myself and current socio-economic systems. I'm grateful for the accessibility of web development skill acquisition and practice. Even though I am still a beginning beginner, it is a relief and necessary distraction to be learning and making measurable progress. Although the canyon between what I know and what I will need to know in order to earn an income is still miles-wide, I'm narrowing the gap every day.