Hello, my name is Joy. On May 19th, 2024, I set a goal for 100 days in a row of commits. I am learning _so_ much, like how not all of my commits earn me a green-filled box on my Github graph... Also, I have been writing blog posts for 17 days now, but realized a few days ago that only my first had published! Today's post is evidence of the 10.63 hours I ~~spent~~ invested getting my Github Page up and running. Although I have loads of practice between where I am now and fluency, I have collected several bricks to add to my programming foundation.

One reason I am attracted to web development is the high accessibility of skill acquisition. I don't expect it to be _easy_, but it appears likely I _can_ figure it out, with little or no money down. I'm pretty sure it will require plenty of time and determination. I've been learning things long enough to recognize this first stage, wherein my lofty dreams are grounded by reality. Many mountains of frustration must be climbed, and I know I am probably doing it all the wrong and/or hard way, but I don't know enough to even ask most of my questions the right way! I want to get better at it, though, so I keep choosing to take clumsy steps. I can't yet see where this path leads, but I am growing-in my tolerance of frustration, at the very least. 

Even when my code is not doing what I imagined, I am interested in learning more. I enjoy reading articles or listening to shows about programming, even when I only understand a fraction of what's being said. Yesterday I had to leave my Githubs Pages repo in pieces to run an errand via train, and even though it probably would have been healthier to have taken a breather from coding, I found myself searching 'Github Pages' in podcasts. I was richly rewarded by one result: [John Mann's Startups And Code, Episode 3 - Github Pages](https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=LrUg-XSCmBg). Not only did Mr. Mann validate my sense that building this is not as simple as some advertise, but following his steps led me to success _finally!_ 

On this high note, I'm wrapping up today's study/practice. Tomorrow I want to work on customizing my site, and I'm interested in learning more about tagging these posts for searchability in case what I'm learning can help anyone else.

